[Music]
what's up trip smells left in here and
I'm back again today to show you another
one of my world-famous clutches the last
time I'm going to show you how to get a
hundred percent completion on grand
theft auto 5 vs at this could actually
help me rate 100 percent completion with
their simple glitch no I'm for this
collection to what you do actually have
to pick Franklin which I am on just now
and have to put the these are the same
looking our women's clothing on but yes
Franklin does actually leave these
clothes so anyway I'm going to get
enough sort up nicely done up car that
I've got here and we're going to drive
to the location where you complete this
collection that will give you 100
percent completion
so anyway under be on the way the
allergies might theory how I discovered
s clutch I was actually just mission I
don't the summer of each equals the
Rockstar emailed me I do I had to have
some our private cheek words that they
sent me leanthony only some of the cheat
codes include things like 100 percent
position but I have no use that chick
would get let's do that my previous
video but I was lying just for the views
sorry did someone say something
other cheek cording foot invent ability
god mode things like that so yams
getting into that police station
where basically you have to kill every
single off son and saved using only a
knife and I think the police had
actually kill somebody by anyway okay I
started so you might get or we have I
talking again I thought I was mistaken
it's not a baseball bat so as you see my
video yesterday you'll know look at the
baseball bat eyes so yeah all the
officers and save the building code you
may remember that glitch from sangria's
that I showed you a few years ago back
into those and for I believe it was but
anyway you've got to kill all of the
police officers and save the golden and
those only two at the moment so a desk
light should be pretty easy and will get
100% completion so they start this thing
fucking Hill is so good just straight
knocking I'm gonna get us guys look look
like month yes
fucking hell why does not he never work
for me Marv fucking